Here at Sould, we strive to sell only the best quality second hand souls with no nasty surprises. We clearly lay out each souls mileage,karma rating and freshness and using a complex pricing algorism based on these values, we calculate the lowest price we can offer. Additionally,we pride ourselves on selling souls from all over and only accepting the industry standard currency of blood quartz. We have been in soul selling business since the 1980's and have had thousands upon thousands of satisfied customers.

Just look at what these industry experts have to say about us:

You won't find a better bargain anywhere else!
-Doctor Fast

Sould is true secret to my longevity.
-Dorian Gray

When I ever I get too low on souls, I come to Sould and fill right back up again. Great bulk buying discounts too!
-Lucifer

Sould makes my life so much easier. Gone are the days of setting traps and struggling with live ones.
-Koh the face stealer

About

Stephen
When Chief Alternate Officer Stephen isn't testing the freshness of souls, he can be found teaching young child the value of a dollar.

Anthony
Anthony is the head of our Blood Bank and in his off hours teaches werewolves how to use Linux.

Bridget
Our Creature Resources Head who when not on duty bets on unicorn racing with the kappas down the road.

Przemek
Financial Head Przemek keeps our books balanced and our office filled with wonderful smoothies.


ONE
I've only just got mine and I am confident there are plenty of surprises in store as I get used to it/ No regrets here!

Wow, it's great and I've only just scratched the surface with it, I am currently awaiting delivery of a second one!

TWO
For these prices you can't do wrong! I'm very happy with the purchase

I would heartily recommend. 5 stars are not enough for this wonderful product!

THREE
Buy one! I doubt you’ll be disappointed.

Nice quality and unbeatable at sale price.

FOUR
Got it for a such reasonable price and the quality it’s very good. Love it.

Side effects were minimal and I cleared it all up with the guards so I'm still quite happy!

FIVE
A good buy at the right price.

Alright for the price I paid.

SIX
Makes life easier when not knowing what to buy as a birthday gift!

Very simple to buy and also just as easy for my grandson to redeem! Thanks Sould!

SEVEN
So easy to purchase and send to a loved one!

A lovely treat. Would recommended!

EIGHT
It didn't cost an arm & a leg and was very received by the recipient.

Every so often, Sould gives you a deal, which is certainly worth having!

NINE
I love these soul for the convenience and ease of use!

Gave my brother one for his birthday and he was shocked speechless! Thanks Sould!

TEN
Xmas present for my 13 yr old grandson. He was delighted and has the fun of deciding how to use it!

Sould has done it again! A++!
